
Start: --> How are you doing today?
		   How's the weather there? 
		   Thanks a lot for accepting the invitation and your time
		   

So the purpose of the interview today is so that we can find a little bit more about you in order
to decide to a point to your suitability. 

I have your CV infront of me. Before jumping to that I would like to first about the company that
you have applied in and the recruitment process. Then we can have a quick intro and can proceed further.


About me:

I'm Hassan. I'm have my masters in Data Sciecne and Networks and I'm here QA lead and Head of QA, working for twinner for the last 2 years and am responsible for the whole quality of Software, product, 
modules and the autoamtion. With this company this is my first project, before that I have worked as an automation engineer for different software projects.

The recruitment process is pretry much simple, this gonna be your first interview and then 
perhaps you would have the second round of the interview with our Head of Director or Head of Development	

But before giving the glimpse of the Twinner group, do you know anything about the Twinner group or the business model
that what we do what basically our software and theproduct is?

Twinner Group: Twinner is basically a concept of the 3d modelling of the vehicles, the autonomous vehicle inspection
and marketing approach that we have introduced. We are focussing on digitizing the vehicle inspection and automobile remarketing business. 
So our software provides the images of the Vehicle taken from different angles and views and the we can identify the vehicle to evaluate and inspect as desired. 

Currently we are operating in multiple German cities, China and about to get ourselves lauched in the Japanese market too. 
As of now we are also working on the AI to evaluate the vehicle in a fully automated process. Its now in use by the groups like Diamler and VW and very soon by BMW.

Twinner© is an international, deeply disruptive automotive startup. Twinner© produces digital Twinns© of cars of such excellent quality that automotive transactions can be made easily without ever physically seeing a car. This includes trading, insuring, financing, inspecting, valuating and moving cars. Twinner© brings sustainably transparency and trust to automotive transactions and consequently changes the mechanics of an entire industry. We are widely recognized as a leading industry disruptor (e.g. by PriceWaterhouseCoopers, Digital Insurance Agenda, German TV “Galileo” (Pro7), Autobild, Supercar Blondie Review).
Our clients include globally known brands from the automotive ecosystem (i.e. dealers, marketplaces, OEMs). We are operating in Europe and are expanding abroad. The Twinner© Group consists of over 150 team members in four offices (headquarter Halle/Saale, Leipzig, Berlin, Budapest). As in any modern technology company you will find an empowering, ambitious and dynamic work environment. 

So its pretty advanced now, and to cope with the challenges, we have to expand our team. So we've been for good QA members and our search landed on you


About you: Tell me a little bit about yourself?
			Tell me something about yourself what currently you are doing in testing activities, in terms of automation and overall tesing activities. 


CV expertise: 
			What was your motivation to apply for the Twinner?
			How did you report to the Test manager while testing?
			How do you define Test cases?
			How do you see a good QA attributes?
			Why you opted a QA field? 
			How do you differentiate between functional and non functional requirement
			Difference between a requirement and the need in terms of the product?
			Strategy to design a use case
			Give example of High prio and low severity
			Automation experience?
			Indivisual contributor or a team player?
			SQL data base experience.
			API testing? Which tools you have worked in? Scripting language
			Scale your skills in JAVA, Selenium, MySQL, Postman, IntelliJ
			Advantages and disavantages of the automation?
			Difference between the verify and assert command in Selenium
			How to initiate an reference to an object in Java?
			What is garbage collection in Java? 
			Difference between DOM and page fully load in JS
			Can you tell me some practical scenarios where how exactly mobile testing is different from web testing? 
			What is the difference between quit and close in Selenium?
			

Automation: What is your approach when you are designing a framework? 
			How do you decide which feature to automate?
			How do you measure the ROI?
			What time of Frameworks you have worked on?
			How do you differentiate between POM and Cucumber
			Disadvantages of the automation?
			How do you handle the iframes. 
			Do you have any experience how to create the seeding data for the automation?
			How do you use @After class, Before class, @After method and @Before method.
			What is type casting in Java?
			What is the concept of static keyword?



Root Cause Analysis:

1. Scenario HW issue
	B2B Platform
	The Electrical components are getting hang or overheated
	Almost 10% time of the consumer is wasted to fix the issues


	What questions you would ask to get more depth of the problem?
	1. What are the services this platform is providing. Type of the platform
	2. What do you mean by daily activity users? What activities do they perform on daily basis?
	3. How much the product is getting used on daily basis
	4. One time event? Time frame? Does it have a pattern? Consistent growth recently? Declining or incemental graph?
	5. Any specification or test results that can be helpful in doing RCA
	6. Any similar historic event?
	Your Approach? Internal factors, External factors. Regional approach? User behavior?

2.	Scenario SW issue. 
	B2B Platform 
	SW is crashing every now and the user usage is declined while doing the transaction.
	How will you funnel through the complete process?

	Do you think Code review makes sense?

Documentation:
			Your availability and notice period
			Your work permit.
			Where would you work from?
			How often could you come to Leipzig


			

			
			